{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f60\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f61\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f63\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f64\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f65\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 
footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s17\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 Popup head;}}{\info{\title #bitmap}{\author Steve Zimmerman}{\operator Steve Zimmerman}
{\creatim\yr1997\mo7\dy12\hr12\min37}{\revtim\yr1997\mo7\dy12\hr12\min37}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords188}{\nofchars1077}{\*\company Intel Corporation}{\nofcharsws1322}{\vern71}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0{\*\template C:\\Program Files\\Microsoft Office\\Templates\\HELPAUTH.DOT}{\*\docvar {LastRTFSaved}{0}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s17\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\cs16\super #}{ HIDC_BITMAP}}}{ Due to programming constraints, the hotkey is disabled while the ZoomIn Properties dialog box is visible, but you can bring up a test zoom window by clicking on the image of the globe.
\par \page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\super #}{ HIDC_CHECK_PERSIST}}}{ The \ldblquote Only display while hotkey is held down\rdblquote  c
heckbox lets you change the behavior of the hotkey. When unchecked (the default), the hotkey acts like a toggle; the zoom window stays visible until you press the hotkey again. If you check this option, the ZoomIn window will only remain visible while the
 hotkey is held down.
\par \page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\super #}{ HIDC_FACTOR}}}{
The Zoom Factor control lets you change the magnification of the ZoomIn window. A zoom factor of three means that one pixel on the screen will appear three pixels wide and three pixels high in the ZoomIn window. You can
 set the zoom factor to any value from two to six
\par \page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\super #}{ HIDC_HOTKEY}}}{
 To change the hotkey, put the cursor in the Hotkey edit box, then press the desired key combination. You must use key combinations that include Alt or Ctrl, and single keys cannot be used.
\par \page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\super #}{ HIDC_WIDTH}}}{
 The Zoom Area control determines the size of the area that will be magnified in the zoom window. For example, if you set the zoom area to 25, the zoom window will magnify an area of the screen 25 pixels wide and 25 pixels high. You can set 
the zoom area to any value between 20 and 60.
\par \page }{\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cs16\super #}{ HIDC_STATIC}}}{ No help topic exists for this item.
\par \page 
\par 
\par }}